[DOCS] Will/docs/how to/metadata stores/azure blob for expectations and validations (#1531)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/how_to_guides/configuring_metadata_stores/how_to_configure_an_expectation_store_on_a_filesystem.rst

How to configure an Expectation store on a filesystem
=====================================================

By default, newly profiled Expectations are stored in JSON format in the ``expectations`` subdirectory of your ``great_expectations`` folder.  This guide will help you configure the location of the Expectation store in the filesystem.

.. admonition:: Prerequisites: This how-to guide assumes that you have already:

    - Configured a Data Context

>     - Configured an Expectation Suite

Reviewer: Add links to the relevant guides.

Author: changed in #1530

    - Determined a new path where you would like to store Expectations. This can either be a local path, or a path to a network filesystem.

Steps
-----

1. Open ``great_expectations.yml`` file and look for the following lines.

.. code-block:: yaml

    expectations_store_name: expectations_store

    stores:
        expectations_store:
            class_name: ExpectationsStore
            store_backend:
                class_name: TupleFilesystemStoreBackend
                base_directory: expectations/

>     The configuration file tells ``Great Expectations`` to look for Expectations in a ``store`` called ``expectation_store``. Further down, the ``base_directory`` for ``expectations_store`` is set to ``expectations/``, which is the default.

Reviewer: This line is getting included in the code block...I think it just needs to be dedented. Also, typo: expectation_store -> expectations_store

Author: changed in #1530

> 2. The following changes will change it to ``new_expectations_store`` with the ``base_directory`` set to ``new_expectations_location``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update your configuration following the example below. This example would change the Store name to ``new_expectations_store`` with the ``base_directory`` set to ``new_expectations_location``.

    Paths are relative to the directory where ``great_expectations.yml`` is stored.
```
